# YaMDb

# Description

YaMDb is an online database for reviews to titles such as films, books and music.

Each user can post a review for any title with raiting 1 to 10, and leave a comment to any review.

Build with Python 3, Django 2.2, Django REST framework, SQLite3, Simple-JWT.

Authorisation implemented with JWT tokens.

Documented auto-generated by Redoc.

# Intallation:

## - Clone repository

## - Create, and activate virtual enviroment (win)

python -m venv venv

source venv/scripts/activate

## - Install requirements
python -m pip install --upgrade pip

pip install -r requirements.txt

## - Change directory to docker-compose.yaml:

cd infra

## - Up container (infra_db_1, infra_web_1, infra_nginx_1):

docker-compose up -d --build

## - Make migrations:

docker-compose exec web python manage.py makemigrations reviews
docker-compose exec web python manage.py migrate

## - Create superuser:

docker-compose exec web python manage.py createsuperuser

## - Collect static:

docker-compose exec web python manage.py collectstatic --no-input

## - Create database dump:

docker-compose exec web python manage.py dumpdata > dumpPostrgeSQL.json

## - Stop containers:

docker-compose down -v

# Authors:
[Anastasia Varva](https://github.com/Anastazise)
part of User management (Auth and User): registration and authentication system, access rights, work with the token, confirmation system via e-mail.

[Igor Gorbenko](https://github.com/Hell-Writer)
Categories, Genres and Titles: models, views, and endpoints for them.

[Evgeny Kosukha](https://github.com/koseysh)
Reviews and Comments: models, views, endpoints, access rights for requests, ratings of works.
